Welcome back in this video we're going to be going over solutions to the sum and every exercises.
The first function we're going to implement is the HAs are number function which accepts an array here
we're going to use the SUM function to iterate over the array and see if there's at least one value
that is not divisible by 2 instead of the callback.
We can return the expression Valma to not equals zero for the next function has zero.
We need to accept a number and see if it contains any zeros.
Let's first convert that number to a string then split it by each digit.
Here we can use the sum method to see if there's a single character that is a zero.
Since each of these values are strings we just need to make sure we're comparing each value with the
string 0 for the next function has only odd numbers.
We need to use the every function to iterate over each value and make sure that every single one is
not that visible by two here.
We'll use every and inside of the callback will return the expression to see if the value we're iterating
over is not the visible by two for an next function has no duplicates.
We're going to accept an array and here we're going to use that everything to see if the index of a
value is the same as the last index of that value.
This one is a little bit tricky but what we're doing here is making sure that the index of a value is
the same.
From the beginning and from the end.
This will ensure that there are no duplicate values at different indices in the next function has certain
key.
We're going to use the every method to iterate through the array and make sure that the key we're looking
for is in each object we're iterating over.
We can use the keyword to see if a key is inside of an object or the last function has a certain value.
We're going to once again use every will iterate through the array and check to see if each value at
a specific key is the same as our search value.
We need to use bracket notation so the Javascript can evaluate the key variable and not hard coded to
the string key and that's all for the sum and every exercises.
See you in the next video.